Consistent console help usage (#9944)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed an issue in the preferences 'External file types' tab ignoring a custom application path in the edit dialog. [#9895](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9895)
- We fixed an issue in the preferences where custom columns could be added to the entry table with no qualifier. [#9913](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9913)
- We fixed an issue where the encoding header in a bib file was not respected when the file contained a BOM (Byte Order Mark). [#9926](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9926)

> - We fixed the issue where cli output import and export format inconsistent. [koppor#429](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/429)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where cli help output for import and export format was inconsistent. [koppor#429](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/429)
```
